Method overloading is multiple methods in the same class with the same name but different parameters. Method overriding is a subclass provides a specific implementation of a method already defined in its superclass. Method overloading is compile-time polymorphism. Method overriding is runtime polymorphism. 

It will print “Bark!”, since object is dog, the makeSound method should use the one under Dog. 

Because it will cause Diamond Problem, which is: if A and B both have a method with same signature, C don’t know which one should inherit. The solution is JAVA using interfaces to support multiple inheritance.

It will compile error, because abstract class cannot instantiated. 

An abstract class is a class that cannot be instantiated and may contain abstract methods. An interface is a contract that defines what a class can do, without specifying how it does it. I would prefer using an interface when multiple unrelated classes need to implement the same behavior. For example, in a payment system, different classes like credicard, paypal, and bitcoin can implement a payment interface to process payment, even though they do not share a common parent class. 

The final output is:
Animal eating
Meow
Upcasting is child convert to parent, and it’s safe. However,  downcasting is parent convert to child, it may fail. 

1) x.equals(x) must return true
2) if x.equals(y), then y.equal(x)
3) if x.equals(y), y.equals(z), then x.equals(z)
4) Multiple calls return same result (if objects don’t change)
5) x.equals(null) must return false
If you don’t override hashCode(), HashMap/HashSet will break.

When shallow copy, both point to same address. When deep copy, each has own address copy. If I do: Person p2 = p1; p1 and p2 share the address, so if I change p2.address, it will also affect p1.address. If I do Person p2 = new Person(); p2.name = p1.name; p2.address = new Address(p1.address.city); 2 separate address objects exist. If I change p2.address.city, it will not affect p1.address.city. 

The output is “Taking off from Flyable”. Class Duck is override conflicting default method, and it choose Flyable to use. 

Method A, B is valid, since they have different parameter. Method C, D is not valid, because they have same parameter. 
